Chapter5 (#51)
UBC-MDS/ds-toolbox: chapters/en/slides/module5/module5_04.md

- **Assign**: Assigning someone to the pull request is less strict, basically you can assign anyone that you want. Good reasons to assign someone to a project could be that for  merging the pull request you prefer someone different from the reviewer and/or that you prefer assigning someone else (you can even assign yourself!) to solve the reviewer's comments.

If you are working with a team probably you will define how to designate reviewers and assign different team members in relation to your workflow.

Other useful thing that you can do it is to include **labels**, they can help you to easily classify what your pull request is solving/adding. All the open pull request will be shown in the tab **Pull requests** of the repository.

You can reference this pull request when typing Markdown in a **GitHub issues** by typing # followed by the number of the PR. e.g. "Please see PR #1 for a fix to this issue".
In this case this is the first pull request of the project so it is numbered #1, as you can see next to the title.  

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another useful thing that you can do is to **label** each pull request, they can help you by grouping similar pull requests together, e.g. "Bug fixes", "Enhancements", etc.

```

---
# Pull request successfully merged and closed (GitHub)

<center>

<img src='/module5/PR-delete-branch.png' width="80%" alt="404 image" />

<center/>

Notes:

> After you succesfully merge the pull request GitHub gives you the option to delete the branch automatically if you are not going to be working in that feature anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you successfully merge the pull request GitHub gives you the option to delete the branch via the web interface. This is always safe to do, as the deleted branches can easily be restored later.
```
